Hey, what’s your sign? Mine’s a stop sign. I stole it from an intersection, and I hold it up every time someone tries to talk to me.
It's always darkest before the dawn, we are often reassured by people who are totally wrong about how the sun works.
A four-star hotel will put mints on your pillow, whereas a five-star hotel will put candy bars in your butt.
If there's not a race to get to the dance competition on time, then your screenplay isn't finished.
Do not bite the hand that feeds you. Grab it first. Take the keys. Set yourself free. Then bite the hand, and run. 
Here is the church. Here is the steeple. Open it up, and see all the people screaming about the giant that just tore their roof open.
Dance like the government is watching.
You know what would be great? If someone made a movie showing Spiderman's origin story. I'd love to finally see that on the big screen.
The word motel is an amalgam of the words hotel and murder.
Kill it with kindness. And if that fails, kill it with sharp sticks or knives.
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, now you're just being an asshole.
If you love something, set it free. If it starts flying around and chirping, it was probably a bird.
All that glitters is not gold. Particularly that thing over there. That's maybe a giant insect of some sort. It's really too dark to tell.
Regret nothing. Until it is too late. Then, regret everything
We are living in an immaterial world, a ghost world, and I am an immaterial girl - a ghost.
Rabbits are not what they seem to be.
A million dollars isn’t cool. You know what’s cool? A basilisk.
What has four legs in the morning, two legs at noon, and three legs in the evening? I don’t know, but I trapped it in my bedroom. Send help.
The sun has grown so very, very old. How long, cold, fading death? How long?
There’s a special place in Hell. It’s really hip. Very exclusive.
Men are from Mars; women are from Venus; Earth is a hallucination; podcasts are dreams.
Look to the north. Keep looking. There's nothing coming from the south.
There's a special place in Hell. It's really hip. Very exclusive.
Lost? Confused? Lacking direction? Need to find a purpose in your life? Its not Here
"Nice bolo tie," is the greatest compliment a person can ever receive.
Eating meat is a difficult moral decision, because it's stolen, that meat. You should apologise.
Today is the last day of your life up to this point.
Does the carpet match the drapes? No, it doesn’t. You’re the worst interior decorator. Please leave my home.
Biologically speaking, we are all people made up of smaller people.
One incorporeal being said to the other, “I’m not here too! Make friends?"
If I said you had a beautiful body, would it even matter because we are so insignificant in this vast incomprehensible universe?
Werner Herzog is the most interesting person.
Find more ways to work ‘plinth’ into daily conversations.
Did you know?
Step one: separate your lips. Step two: use facial muscles to pull back corners of mouth. Step three: widen your eyes. This is how to be happy.
Pain is just weakness leaving the body, and then being replaced by pain. Lots of pain.
Ask your doctor if right is left for you.
If you love someone, set them free. Set them free now. This is the police, and we have you surrounded.
Mamas, don’t let your babies grow up to be cowboys. Show them pictures of cows when they’re young and administer brief electrical shocks.
The most dangerous game is man. The most entertaining game is Broadway Puppy Ball. The most weird game is Esoteric Bear.
Fun game. Say "toy boat" over and over. Do it for the rest of your life. Retreat from society and live on alms. Whisper "toy boat' as you die.
The human soul weighs 21 grams, smells like grilled vegetables, looks like a wrinkled tartan quilt, and sounds like bridge traffic.
A bar walks into a bar. The bartender is a snake eating its own tail. The windows look out only onto the face of the one who looks.
Your body is a temple. A temple of blood rituals and pagan tributes, a lost temple, a temple that needs more calcium. You should maybe try vitamin supplements.
Look to the sky. You will not find answers there, but you will certainly see what everyone is screaming about.
Throw your hands in the air. Now your arms. Keep detaching limbs and throwing them in the air. Hopefully, the birds will be sated and leave.
Sticks and stones may break my bones, but words will never quite describe the pain.
You can lead a horse to water, and you can lead a horse into water, and you can swim around with the horse and have fun.
Thank you for your interest in a life free of pain. We're not accepting applications at this time. Please try again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again.
On this day in history: mundanity, and terror, and food, and love, and trees.
Look. Up in the sky. It's a bird. It's a plane. No. It's just the void. Infinite and indifferent. We're so small. So very very small.
Listen. I'm not a hero. The real heroes are the people that point out to us when protesters have smartphones, thus invalidating all concerns.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single command from a satellite-activated mind control chip
You can’t get blood from a turnip. Listen, you need some blood? I can totally get you some blood. Set that turnip down and follow me to the blood. There’s a lot of blood.
Please move your brain so we can get to the drugs. And stop leaving it there. We've talked about this.
Knock knock. Who's there? Orange. Orange who? Orange you glad I didn't say your mother's in the hospital. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. Is there anything I can do? Listen. I'll drive you over there. We'll leave right now. Grab a coat; it's a little cold out. I'm so sorry.
There's a difference between you're, your, and yarn. Yarn isn't even pronounced the same way. It's a completely different word.
Feeling lost? Like you have no goal in life? Like you're covered in dirt and wet leaves? Like you're an earthworm? Are you an earthworm? Kinda sounds like you're an earthworm, actually.
Wonderwall is the only 90's song visible from space.
Soccer is also commonly known as football, Canadian baseball, American football, violent jogging, and World War Two.
Everything that happens, happens for a reason. Except ostriches. What the hell man?
Most people think pitbulls are dangerous dogs; but, biologically speaking, most pitbulls are just three Shih Tzu's wearing a trench coat.
*static* *rising tones* *abrupt end*
Say what you will about dance, but language is a limited form of expression.
Language will evolve irregardless of your attempt to literally lock it away in a secluded tower, obvs.
I’ve got more rhymes than the Bible’s got psalms, 151. I’ve got 151 rhymes.
If you're worried your writing isn't good just remember the earth is warming and soon good and bad writing alike will all be underwater.
Remember that all sentences must have a noun, a verb, and the phrase "foolish mortals".
Beware of Greeks bearing gifts. Also beware of gifts of Greek bears. Gifted and bare Greeks are totally okay.
It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the other dog in the fight.
If you want a picture of the future, imagine a person writing headlines about millennials forever.
The reason we say "bless you" after someone sneezes is because we know they will die someday.
I let my haters be my motivators. Mostly they tell me I suck, and then I get sad. This was a terrible idea.
Ask your doctor just who he thinks he is. Say it just like that. Say, "Who do you think you are?" See if he starts crying. I know I would.
History is written by the victors. And then forgotten by the victors. And then the victors die too.
Don’t bring a gun to a knife fight. Don’t bring a knife to a knife fight, either. Stop going to knife fights altogether. What’s your deal with knife fights?
Instead of a proverb today, I just have some important news about the stray cats that live outside my apartment. There is the usual one, named Bisquick, who is missing one ear and is terrifying, but today I saw a second one, who is fatter and less terrifying and who I have named The Baron. I will keep you updated as events unfold.
When you wish upon a star, your dreams come true. But, because of distance, not for millions of years.
“I’m all business,” I say, peeling off my skin strip by strip, showing you what oozes out. “Business to my core.”
Don’t be afraid of the dark. Be afraid of the terrible things that are hiding in there, and the terrible things they will do.
Dress your dog for the job you want, not the job you have.
A rose by any other name is called something else.
You say potato, I say potato. Potato. Potato. Potato. Potato. Potato. Yes, this is very good. Let's keep going. Potato. Potato. Potato...
I had a dream in which cow-sized pugs existed. I was on a train, and one loped along outside my window. I'm sorry your dreams aren't as good.
When someone says, "I'm a dog person," I always reply, "Yeah? Well I'm a lizard person." And then I peel off my face.
Candles lit, runes drawn upon the floor, sacrifice prepared. Everything is ready for the summoning. I begin the incantation: "Shakira, Shakira!"
The word “motel” is an amalgam of the words “hotel” and “murder."
"Late capitalism" is such a sweetly optimistic phrase.
I'm a single issue voter. If the candidate is not a baby polar bear, I straight up cannot support them.
There are hot singles in your area, and they all died exactly 20 years ago on a night just like tonight.
So there’s this commercial and it’s like there’s this baby and she’s not getting along with the dog, she’s like a little afraid of the dog and the dog is like a big a beautiful Golden Retriever and um, so like the Golden Retriever like feels sad coz he can’t be with his family because the baby doesn’t like him, but so the Dad sees that um, the baby likes the the um, stuffed animal that she has which is a lion, so the Dad goes and orders a lion mane for the dog and then he puts it, he puts it on the dog and the dog, um the dog walks in as the lion and the baby loves it and the dog is happy coz it can be a part of the family again, as a as a lion. Thank you.
If there's not a race to get to the dance competition on time, then your screenplay isn't finished.
The children were right. The floor is lava. But they were wrong about the heat resistance of sofa cushions.
Want to feel old? People born in 2014 have already graduated college, don’t know what a trombone is and are all named after gourds.
"It's always darkest before the dawn," we are always reassured by people who are totally wrong about how the sun works.
Well it's 2017, so there went that excuse. What do we wanna start blaming to avoid despair now?
You have some teeth in your food.
There's no harm in trying" really depends on what you're trying. Either way, give it a go - it's probably fine.
Live every day like it's your first.
A million dollars isn't a sandwich. You know what's a sandwich? A taco.
If you're not wearing a denim vest, then this conversation is over.
"You are what you eat." That's very confusing phrasing. Let me simplify: You consume your own flesh. Much clearer.
Good thing come to those who wait. Good things come slithering down the unctuous brown stone walls to those who wait alone in the dark pit.
Top o' the mornin' to you, the rest of the day to me; I never said this was fair.
You'll catch more flies with honey than with vinegar, but you'll catch even more with a corpse of some sort.
Less is more. Simplification is the way to happiness. You are not your things. Anyway, thanks for your wallet! Bye~!
If you only read one book this year, then you have reached your approved book quota.
There is no proof you exist, only evidence.
Be yourself... as if you had any choice in the matter.
Follow your heart; you need it. Where did it ever learn to walk?
The seven habits of highly effective people are; Levitation, Translucence, Omnipresence, Country music, Lime zest, Suns for eyes, Hiccups
Pull this lever. Don't worry, you will never know the result. There will be a result.
We are all (an elite few) in this (a secret underground emergency bunker) together (on our own without public knowledge).
People always say "before I die" as if they haven't already begun the process.
Why would you wanna think outside the box? The box is steel, and locked, and buried deeply underground. It's so safe here. Why would you want to leave?
Welcome to 2018. The year we finally do it. The year we eat the sun.
I'm going to give you a piece of my mind! It's in this clay jar. Keep it in a cool, dark place, and away from cats
Bite your tongue. Fun, right?
I believe in tough love. Also, tough tenderness, tough vulnerability, and a daily session of tough mindfulness meditation.
Pick a company and invest all your money in it. The absolute worst that could happen is that you lose every cent, and it would be terrifying and lifechanging. So give it a shot.
Hey, what's your sign? Mine's a stop sign; I stole it from an intersection, and I hold it up every time someone tries to talk to me.
Our money back guarantee: when you die, the world gets your money back.
My name for the pony I have been planning to get one day has been 'Ponye West', for years, but for obvious reasons I have recently changed it to 'Janelle PoNeigh'. This wasn't written for me by Joseph, these are the actual names I've made up for my dream pony.
Anything is a piñata if you hit it hard enough.
Keep your eye on the ball. Keep your lungs on the court. Leave your stomach in the locker room.
Live every moment as if it were just one of the two and a half billion moments you have in your life. Seriously, pace yourself.
This one weird trick doesn’t seem to have any real purpose. But maybe give it a try anyway.
True change starts with the person in the mirror. He’s standing far behind you, barely visible. He’s really going to change things.
How do I love thee? Let me tally up all the points I’ve assigned to your personal value with respect to my needs.
Dress for the job you want, sports team mascot, Not the job you have, customer service manager.
On second thought, a million dollars is cool. Finger guns to you, million dollars!
Girl, did you fall from heaven? 'Cause there's a giant crater where you landed and radiation levels are spiking.
Kangaroos are deer, abbreviated.
If you circle the letters in the Bible just right, you get the phrase "lightly dressed kale." Still don't know what that means, but it's direct from God.
Every example of irony in the song "Ironic" is completely correct, because that song single-handedly changed the common parlance definition of irony.
The universe contains, among other things, black holes, vast clouds of gas and light, a planet made of diamond, and your tiny body.
A good way to tell if an artistic idea is worthwhile is to remember that the most successful video game of all time is "a plumber steps on turtles." So, who knows.
In Europe, instead of cell phone, they say mobile. Instead of arugula, they say rocket. Instead of letting you die because of lack of health insurance, they take care of you when you're sick. It's a weird place.
The leading cause of death is having a body.
Talk to your kids about the birds and the bees. "Never look directly at birds," you should say to them. "And bees? Don't get me started."
Develop your chi. Really work that chi hard. Get six-pack chi. Totally swole with chi. Roll up those sleeves and welcome people to the chi show.
A group of chihuahuas is called a committee. A group of Labradors is called a jumble. A group of golden retrievers is called a butter dish.
"Nothing lasts forever" is a phrase with two meanings, and they're both true.
Ask your doctor about dogs. Have a long conversation about how good dogs are. Show each other pictures of dogs.
I'm gonna take my horse to the old town road, and then we're gonna go grab drinks and dinner, maybe watch a movie. Girls' night.
Technically, the first human being and the first human being in space were the same person.
All is not lost. Some of it is intentionally hidden.
The universe contains, among other things, black holes, vast clouds of gas and light, endless void, a diamond planet, and your tiny body.
Don't go writing metaphors. Please stick to the similes and literal descriptions that you're used to.
Wisdom ages like fine wine. Knowledge ages like Boston lettuce.
On one hand, you have skin. On the other hand, you don't- oh man, what happened to that hand?!
As Dolly Parton said, "Tumble out of bed, and I stumble to the kitchen. Have to fight an evil magician. Yawn, and stretch, and fight him for my life." Wise words.
Every friend group has a joyful chasm. If you do not know who the joyful chasm is, then I have news for you: you are the joyful chasm.
Wanna feel old? Don’t worry, you will.
Who called it Snowpiercer instead of Chris Evans’s Polar Express?
Correct placement from right to left: salad fork, soup spoon, salad spoon, bread knife, bowie knife, meat thermometer, entrée fork, and finally, the dessert claws.
Love means never having to say you're a werewolf.
What if, and hear me out. What if someone made a printer... That worked. Everytime you needed it to work.
The greatest trick the devil ever played was designing hotel lotion dispensers to look exactly like hand soap dispensers.
Please keep all arms and legs inside the car at all times. Also, you are under arrest. Why is your car full of limbs? Whose are these?
All tattoos are temporary tattoos.
Don't judge a book by its cover... By its leather cover... By its human skin-looking cover... Don't ever judge that book.
To quote the great Herman Melville: "Call me"